Alrighty,
in step two we need to create a class or ProductCategory.
And this is code that we'll create
in our Angular application.
So remember in Angular we can create a class
by saying ng generate class common/product-category.
It'll give us an empty file,
and we'll add these two properties here,
ID and categoryName.
And then in step three we need to create this new component
for the menu.
So basically the categories we have
over on the left-hand side,
we're going to encapsulate that as a menu component.
And so we can generate this component
by using ng generate component
components/product-category-menu.
And now in step four we need to enhance our component
to read the categories from our service.
So the first thing we do here
is we create this property here for productCategories.
It's an array of those ProductCategory items.
We inject our productService into this component.
And on listProductCategories here we call
this.productService.getProductCategories.subscribe.
And then we simply log the data returned from the service
by using this JSON.stringify
and then finally we assign the data to our property.
So we're getting information from that service
and assigning it.
Now we need to update our product service
to call the URL on the Sprint Boot application.
So up top we have the category URL
for that REST API,
and then I call that given REST API
using get this.categoryUrl.
Remember this returns an observable,
so we simply map the JSON data from Sprint Data REST
to our ProductCategory array.
And then finally here we make use of our interface
GetResponseProductCategory.
We unwrap the JSON from the Spring Data REST_embedded entry.
Alrighty, our final step, step six,
replace the hard-coded links with the menu component.
So currently in our app.component.html, our old version,
we have some hard-coded links in our application.
And remember earlier I said
hey let's get the basics working,
but we'll make this more dynamic in the future.
So this is where we're at now.
So we're going to get rid of all that hard-coded code
and then we're going to make use of our menu component.
So we'll make use of our selector here
app-product-category-menu.
So that's the selector for our new menu component.
And then in the actual HTML code here for this component
we'll make use of the div, the list item,
and now we'll simply loop over the categories
and build the links dynamically.
So we'll have this tempProductCategory of productCategories,
we add the category ID to the link
and also we display the category name.
And so this'll all happen dynamically.
So our list of categories here in our menu
are all powered by the backend database.
So we have our database table with our information,
and then this information is being exposed
or accessed from the REST API
and this shows up in our page.
So the really nice thing about this
is that it's no longer hard-coded.
It's all built dynamically.
So we have our backend database table
that has our data, this data's being exposed
and we're accessing this information from the REST API.
If we need to add new product categories in the future
we simply update our database table
and the new versions of the application
will automatically show
the given product categories dynamically.
So no more hard coding, it's all dynamic.
Alrighty, so I'm kind of getting excited here.
So let's go ahead and move into the next set of videos
and let's start writing this code.
I want to see this running in action.
All right, I'll see ya in the next video.